sql: fix memleak in sqlSelect (#9467)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-8535-memleak-in-sqlSelect.md

## bugfix/sql

> * Fixed memory leak when an error occurs in `SELECT` with `GROUP BY`
>   expression (gh-8535, ghs-125).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a memory leak when an error occurred in `SELECT` with a `GROUP BY`
  expression (gh-8535, ghs-125).
```

Author: Thanks, fixed.
